Infoblox-NIOS-Modeling-Refactor-CIAC-9444 (#32226)
demisto/content: Packs/Infoblox/README.md

    ```
3. **DHCP Events** 
    ```javascript
   config timeframe = 1H  
   | datamodel dataset = infoblox_infoblox_raw
   | filter xdm.event.type  = "DHCP" and xdm.network.dhcp.message_type != null
   | fields xdm.source.process.name, xdm.source.process.pid, xdm.alert.severity, xdm.event.log_level, xdm.event.type, xdm.event.description, xdm.network.dhcp.message_type, xdm.source.host.mac_addresses, xdm.source.host.device_id, xdm.source.interface, xdm.source.ipv4, xdm.intermediate.ipv4, xdm.network.dhcp.giaddr, xdm.target.ipv4, xdm.network.dhcp.siaddr, xdm.network.dhcp.chaddr, xdm.network.dhcp.ciaddr, xdm.network.dhcp.client_hostname, xdm.network.dhcp.lease, xdm.network.dhcp.requested_address, xdm.network.dhcp.yiaddr, xdm.event.operation_sub_type, xdm.session_context_id, xdm.event.outcome, xdm.event.outcome_reason
    ```

## Configuration on Server Side

> This section describes the configuration steps that needs to be done on your Infoblox NIOS appliance for sending event logs to Cortex XSIAM Broker VM via syslog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the configuration steps that need to be done on your Infoblox NIOS appliance for sending event logs to Cortex XSIAM Broker VM via syslog.
```

1. Login to the Infoblox NIOS appliance. 
2. From the **Grid** tab, Navigate to **Grid Manager** &rarr; **Members**, and then click **Grid Properties** &rarr; **Edit** from the Toolbar.
3. In the **Grid Properties** editor, select the **Monitoring** tab, and then complete the following: 
   1. Select **Log to External Syslog Servers** to enable the appliance to send messages to a specified syslog server.

>    2. Click the **Add** icon for adding a new syslog server configuration and complete the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Click the **Add** icon to add a new syslog server configuration and complete the following:
```

   | Parameter                  | Value    
   | :---                       | :---                    
   | **`Address`**              | Enter the IP address of the Cortex XSIAM Broker VM Syslog server.
   | **`Transport`**            | Select whether the appliance should use **UDP**, **TCP**, or **Secure TCP** to connect to the Cortex XSIAM Broker VM. 

>    | **`Server Certificate`**   | If you wish to transport the logs to over **Secure TCP**, upload a self-signed or a CA-signed server certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **`Server Certificate`**   | To transport the logs over **Secure TCP**, upload a self-signed or a CA-signed server certificate.
```

   | **`Interface`**            | Select the interface through which the appliance should send the syslog messages to the Cortex XSIAM Broker VM.
   | **`Source`**               | Select whether the appliance should send only **Internal** messages, **External** messages, or both (**Any**).

>    | **`Node ID`**              | Specify the host or node identification string that would be used in the syslog message header to identify the appliance from which the syslog messages are originated from. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **`Node ID`**              | Specify the host or node identification string that would be used in the syslog message header to identify the appliance from which the syslog messages originated. 
```

See [Using a Syslog Server](https://docs.infoblox.com/space/nios86/423493735/Using+a+Syslog+Server) and [Viewing the Syslog](https://docs.infoblox.com/space/NAG8/22252249/Using+a+Syslog+Server#Viewing-the-Syslog) Infoblox docs for additional details.

## Collect Events from Vendor

In order to use the collector, use the [Broker VM](#broker-vm) option.

### Broker VM
You will need to use the information described [here](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XDR/Cortex-XDR-Pro-Administrator-Guide/Configure-the-Broker-VM).

You can configure the specific vendor and product for this instance.

1. Navigate to **Settings** &rarr; **Configuration** &rarr; **Data Broker** &rarr; **Broker VMs**. 
2. Go to the **APPS** column under the **Brokers** tab and add the **Syslog** app for the relevant broker instance. If the **Syslog** app already exists, hover over it and click **Configure**.
3. Click **Add New**.
3. When configuring the Syslog Collector, set the following parameters:
   | Parameter     | Value    
   | :---          | :---                    

>    | `Protocol`    | Select **UDP**, **TCP**, or **Secure TCP**, in accordance to the selected syslog transport method configured on the Infoblox appliance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | `Protocol`    | Select **UDP**, **TCP**, or **Secure TCP**, in accordance with the selected syslog transport method configured on the Infoblox appliance.
```
